Interracial dating.
Every community can get sensitive when it comes to this hot topic, and ten years ago
I went to explore the phenomenon known as yellow fever. I was so curious
why there were more Asian girls going for white guys and not the other way around. Like it was some sort of big deal.
It was a story that resonated with millions of people at the time, and it's hard to believe that ten years have passed.
But looking back,
I've grown so much.
I learned a lot from that video, and sometimes I like to come back to where it all started, just to remind myself
how far we've come.
Yeah, I've never done an Asian guy before. I mean I feel like they're all the same. It'd be like dating my brother.
You know I really like Asian girls. Check this out.
Ni hao ma?
That's it!
Ten years, and nothing's changed. It's a whole new generation and once again, it's my duty to figure out the age-old question:
Why are the white guys taking all our girls?
[Girl laughs]
[Anime action noises]
Now, where's my DDR Pad?
'Scuse me?
What?
That t-shirt you're wearing ... It's a little bit racist.
You can read this?
Uh ... yeah. I took Mandarin for three semesters in college. Plus, they're like teaching Chinese in Elementary schools now, you know?
No way.
I also worked in Shanghai for two years.
Maybe we should be more careful next time.
Hey babe! Hey!
Oh. Cool shirt. What does it say?
So you do have yellow fever!
I'm a third-generation Asian American girl who does not belong to or owe anything to your perception of racial boundaries and expectations.
[Loud crash]
Yeah, and besides you act like all of us are abandoning you.
The majority of Asian girls are in relationship with Asian guys.
I love my Asian boyfriend.
He's smart, caring, handsome, and we share cultural ties.
Hey babe, I got our favorite. Taro Milk Tea and Grass Jelly.
[Romantic music]
I love you!
Is it yellow fever if I'm Asian?
Bart, back me up here!
About what?
About not enough Asian guys with non-Asian girls.
What do I know about that?
Well you're Asian.
I am?
And Geo's ... Mexican?
Holy shit! I never realized that, every time I look at you,
I only see the beautiful things that I love about her.
I don't see color or anything like that.
And don't act like we haven't put ourselves out there.
It's like Asian guys can't handle a strong black female.
Come on now.
Yeah, I love Asian guys.
Only because I'm Asian.
Oh, so now you don't want to be fetishized?
Isn't that something you want us to do? Or is that something you're actually doing to us?
What? No, okay, look ... there's a lot of swinging going on around here.
I'm a little dizzy ...
Then why do you even want to date us anyways?
Other than just to prove something to yourself, like I'm just a measure of your masculinity.
No. It's about being equally considered because media ...
Okay, if we have the same interest, lifestyle, sense of humor, taste, then yeah, we'll talk.
Like any other relationship.
But if I'm just a trophy to you then ...
Okay. So this conversation can get pretty deep and could be a complete short on its own.
But for now, let's move on before we get too carried away.
Look, man. I think it's time to just acknowledge that there are beautiful relationships of all types out there.
Sure, there are some bad examples of racial profiling in the dating world,
and the history of mainstream media's representation of us sucks.
But don't let that make you jaded.
Ultimately, it's up to you to be confident, open-minded and not so angry.
Everyone has their own story and reasons. Who are we to get all riled up about it? Finding love is hard enough.
Why worry about what color that love is?
Wow. That was beautiful, man. Dude, thanks so much, Steve. I've learned so much today.
Really? Ten years later, and no concern for guys like me. Haha, wow.
Hey guys, I'm so sorry for judging you guys earlier.
I mean, people can't always control who or what they're attracted to, and if being together makes you guys happy, that's most important.
Thanks, that's really mature of you.
But I'm not with him.
Oh, my bad.
Yeah, he's just a friend.
Yep.
Oh my God, he thought we were dating. Isn't that hilarious?
So hilarious.
[Laughter] I mean you're like my best guy friend.
I know, right?
Can we talk about the real issue here? The entire country thinks I'm a national threat.
We're the most non-violent people in the world. We gave you Gandhi. And I'm a mobile app entrepreneur. I drive a Ferrari.
Where are my girls at?
Oh hey, what's going on?
Hey, you know what they say. Once you go brown, you've made a sound decision, 'cuz we're educated, I come from a good family and
I will love you forever.
What's up, everyone?
Hope you guys liked that short. We had a lot of fun making it.
Yellow Fever 2
Yep.
It's been 10 years since the original. I cannot believe it's been that long.
You know, we, we, we knew that the ten year anniversary was coming up of this really, really important short in Wong Fu's history,
and we just wanted to make something to commemorate that. And, and that's why we just want to revisit
It's not a true sequel.
I know it's called Yellow Fever 2, it's not a real sequel, but we just wanted to come back to it.
It's more of a reboot update video that talks about a lot of new perspectives that weren't touched upon in the original, right?
That's true. We didn't address a lot of angles and perspectives in the original. So, glad you liked it.
Hope you liked it, and be sure to watch the bloopers. And also, watch the original, too, if you guys are curious where the inspiration
came from back when we made this in college.
We were, we were in college back then, when we first made it. And yeah, subscribe for more videos.
We got a lot in store coming, and we'll see you guys next time. Bye.